# Reflection for each assignment and project
## Assignment 1
From this virtual industry visit to AirAsia, we explored its transformation from a traditional airline into a super app integrating travel, logistics, and financial services. AirAsia emphasizes that no ‘Sir’ culture and remote work practices promoting equality and productivity. AirAsia have highlight that a positive attitude, willingness to learn, perseverance and passion are essential qualities for employees. All in all, I will apply these qualities to my working mindset, actively learn in the ICT field and meet the standards of ICT related.
## Assignment 2
In this industry visit to UTMDigital, we gained insights into the organizational structure and how the employees interact with each other. They have developed many services and apps to enhance students’ learning experience at the university. We interviewed one of the staff members, his name is Mr Adib Aqil ,a programmer, who shared his views on the working environment and essential skills for the work in IT. From this visit, I have broadened my knowledge in IT workplaces and get me the motivated me to study computer science ,aiming to make others life more easier and convenient.
## Assignment 3
Based on the talk by Mr. Mohd Hakimi Iqmall and Mr. Nik Mohd Habibullah, I learned that the skills required in the industry and computer science.Mr. Nik Mohd Habibullah have shared career advice and job survival skills. For example, he advices students must avoid red-flag companies and aligning career goals with company. Overall, I will remember their advice and stay updated on industry trends to build a foundation before start working.
## Design Thinking Project
This project is required team collaboration and communication as we have to solve the diverse ideas and communicate to find the best solutions. Creativity and brainstorming were key to developing a product. From this project, I learned how to design and manage a project while enhancing the problem-solving skills. To success in the IT field in the future, I have to learn fundamental skills of computer science and project management ,as these are qualities required by the industry.
